---
layout: post
title: "🐲Session 4: Blacklake District"
categories: dungeons-and-dragons
tags: [5e, Campaign-NeverWinter Nights, Adventure log]
comments: true
date: 2015-11-15
---

- Quinthya, Zaldar and Fairuza visited Jenkins, the former butler of Meldanen.
- In return for the garantuee to be transported somewhere safe, Jenkins offered the key to the backdoor of Meldanen's home, along with the hint to "look around the basement". Fairuza sent Jenkins with Cyar Tanash, a yuan-ti and sent him through an Arcane Gate to a safeplace.
- Outside the house of Meldanen was Sherry, who lost Mr.Snickles, her Eyeball familiar. After a quick search, Mr. Snickles was found.
- Inside the house of Meldanen, two Gnoll guards were dispatched
- In the basement were a range of strange creatures, captured and kept in cells by Meldanen.
- Meldanen was defeated, the Dryad was completely distraught by his death (probabily due to Stockholm Syndrom)
- Actions taken after deafeating Meldanen:
    - The City Guard have released all the prisoners and prisoned creatures and gave  medical attention to those who needed it
    - The City Guard are dividing all the food found in Meldanen's basement. Food has been distributed to the citizens of the Blacklake district.
    - Meldanen is post-homously sued, using the administration found in his basement as evidence
    - Everyone mentioned in the Meldanen Admisitration is sued on charges of slave trade
    - The Dryad returned to her Groove, but promised to keep in touch with Fairuza
    - A message was sent back to Cyar Tanahash to return Jenkins, to sue him as an accomplice of Meldanen
- Starting with finding the Yuan-Ti in the docks, the PCs are surprised to see Sherry, who has lost her Eyeball familiar Mr. Snickles, again.
- While talking with Sherry, a body fell from roof.
- The killer tried to escape, but was captured by the PCs. He is a member of the Fire Knives and could explain that their opposition, the Blood Sailors, have opened an all out war on them. Unless the Fire Knives pay-up 100,000 GP at the end of this week, the Blood Sailors will hunt them down and kill them to the man.
- The captured Fire Knive has revealed two quests:
    1 Neverwinter Theater; prevent the guests from the Neverwinter Theater to be robbed
    1 Neverwinter Bridge; there is a bomb underneath of one of the three bridges of Neverwinter

## What was fun

- Dryad with Stockholm syndrome
- Mini games: The skill challenge fun, as was the puzzel & trap-room
- It was fun to do an investigation
- The speed of the session. There were few moments with nothing to do
- Sub-quests; every session has its own goal

## What could be improved

- More variation in monster types and abilities
- More terrain variation in combat
