---
layout: post
title: "🐲Session 3 Defeat the Intellect Devourer"
categories: dungeons-and-dragons
tags: [5e, Campaign-NeverWinter Nights, Adventure log]
comments: true
date: 2015-10-18
---

- Fairuza, Zaldar and Kraz (who was in the prison for destroying a dragon statue, which he thought was a real dragon) have defeated the Intellect Devourer. The Devourer had taken over the Warden, who was left catatonic, and resisted capture.
- Fairuza started an investigation to the Wailing Death. Tissue samples of diseased people didn’t respond to any regular treatments, leading her to think the disease is magical in nature.
- Entering Blacklake district, the adventurers heard a cry of help from a woman, she was being attacked by a thug.
- Another thug tried to surprise Fairuza, but failed. A battle ensued and the woman was revealed to be the leader of the two thugs, as it was an ambush.
- After defeating these would be assassins, it was revealed they carried descriptions of the party members, along with a short description of their specialties.
- An investigation to the Blacklake district was started. Fairuza covered the swaps, where it was found that it is now filled with dumped Wailing Death victims.
- The food shortage is due to a rich merchant called Meldanen.
- Sherry, a girl across from Meldanen, revealed he never enters or leaves through his front-door. She finds Meldanen creepy and doesn’t trust her neighbor.
- Sherry saw Meldanen’s butler leave with his suitcases, she thinks he was fired at the start of this week.
- Jenkin’s house is a smaller home. He has boarded up his ground floor windows.