---
layout: post
title: "🐲Session 7: May the source be with you"
categories: dungeons-and-dragons
tags: [5e, Campaign-NeverWinter Nights, Adventure log]
comments: true
date: 2016-02-14
---

Party members of this session: _Little Crow, Fairuza, Quinthya, Moras, Ronny James Dio_

_**Date** 13th of Spring, 66016_

- The group agreed that they first want to talk with Lady Aribeth, before handing over the Waterdhavian Creature Components to make a cure
- During the talk with Lady Aribeth and Desther, the group caught on that Desther might be the culprit behind the Wailing Death
- Searching Desther rooms together with Lady Aribeth, the group found clues that 1 year ago something happened to Desther
- While confronting Desther with their suspicions, he attacked! He tried to get away, but was restrained.
- When the group defeated Desther, he revealed the following:
  - Lady Aribeth *is not* the real Aribeth, but *her twin-sister Seldra*. The real Aribeth is in a cell underneath Helm's Hold.
  - Three years ago, Seldra ordered the death of Aribeth. Desther secretly captured Aribeth instead of killing her and experimented and tortured her.
  - A year ago, Desther and his allies killed all the priests at Helm's Hold and took over their identities.
  - Seldra and Desther worked together to spread the Wailing Death. The "blessings" of Desther's Priests were the cause of the Wailing Death
  - Seldra has probably escaped
- While in Helm's Hold, the group also found Deekin to be alive
- While in Helm's Hold, there was already a small army of Wailing Death victims. They have been altered into metallic zombies.
- The group has found new magical items to use

_Note: This session marks the end of the Neverwinter Nights campaign_

### What was good during this session

- I finally got to play D&D, and I liked it a lot!
- Nice plot twist, didn't see it coming
- Lots of RP and Story! The battle encounter was also different from just killing the npc.

### What could have gone better

- My dice rolling ;)
- James Dio rolling higher that a 2. Personally: better figure out my PCs abilities and use them more often.
- Faster play

### What are the players most curious about

- What'll happen back at the castle with the real Aribeth. Will everyone recognise her, or will they stand behind the evil sister? And will the priest prove to be a friend after all?
- Full-scale war was mentioned. Sounds awesome :-) Curious to see if that's the chose path and how it will pan out.   Also, this gets read and acted upon more than my works hapiness :+1:
- What Seldra wants with the Waterdhavian creatures