---
layout: post
title: "🐲Session 6: A bridge too far…"
categories: dungeons-and-dragons
tags: [5e, Campaign-NeverWinter Nights, Adventure log]
comments: true
date: 2016-01-24
---

Party members of this session: _Little Crow, Fairuza, Quinthya, Moras_

_**Date** 12th of Spring, 66016_

- Only 1 threat is left: the bomb underneath one of the three Neverwinter Bridges (_the Sleeping Dragon, the Winged Wyvern, the Dolphin_)
- The only information the party had, was that at the end of today the bomb would explode.
- While Fairuza bought a small rowing boat, Morass went to find some used nets.
- The first bridge that the group investigated was the _Sleeping Dragon_. The PCs found resistance from 6 Fire Knives, who were on the look out for anyone trying to disarm the bomb.
- While battling the Fire Knives, two Blood Sailors showed up, both grafted with swords in the same way Sherry was grafted.
- The Blood Sailors were both extremely hardy. A "killing blow" did not always stop them.
- A captured Fire Knive revealed that there were similar teams at _the Winged Wyvern_ and _the Dolphin_.
- Better prepared than at _the Sleeping Dragon_, the PCs quickly identified the Fire Knive Wizard at _the Winged Wyvern_. After a quick battle, _Quinthya_ found the bomb.
- Retrieving the bomb went easily enough. It was loaded unto the rowing boat, pushed out to sea and brought to explode.

_**Date** 13th of Spring, 66016_

- Taking a long rest, the PCs contemplated where the Blood Sailor hideout would be. Going through the belongs on Sherry again, _Quinthya_ came up with the location of the hideout.
- A sack of prumes, a musty smell on Blood Sailors, a walking cane grafted unto one of the Blood Sailors. It could only be the Neverwinter Home for the Elderly
- The Neverwinter Home for the Elderly basement yielded an acces way to an older building that was built, long before the Home for the Elderly was built.
- Within it, the missing Yuan-Ti was using the bodies of Wailing Death victims to graft weaponry upon them and use them as a small army
- The Yuan-Ti tried to put up a fight, but was eventually knocked unconscious.

### What was good during this session?

- Good role play and team work to find the bomb, balanced enemies, and some arching story (like hints we should have picked up in previous sessions). Liked it!
- Creativeness, good teamwork

### What could have gone better?

- More character development

## What are you most curious about?

- What'll happen when we have captured all three Waterdhavian creatures.