---
layout: post
title: "🐲Session 8: Menzoberranzan"
categories: dungeons-and-dragons
tags: [5e, Campaign-Thunderspire Labyrinth, Adventure log]
comments: true
date: 2016-04-17
---

Party members of this session: _Little Crow, Fairuza, Moras, Zaldar_

_**Date** 20th of Spring, 66016_

- The players have shopped at Deekins _Deekins Keep Rain from Deekins Head Shop_ shop
- Zaldar has received a sending from someone, but he has not shared this information with the party
- Talked with Lady Aribeth. Seldra has been dealing with the Bloodreavers, they might lead them to Seldra. The Bloodreavers are know to be active around Menzoberranzan.
- Fairuza has been to Menzoberranzan before. She leads the groups to Old Owl well in the Sword Mountains. There is a tunnel leading from the mountains near Old Owl Well down into the Underdark

_**Date** 24th of Spring, 66016_

- Arrived in the Dark Dominion (or _Bauthwaf_ when speaking Drow). There the group overheard a halfling being kidnapped.
- Rescued halfling, who introduced himself as Rendil Symeera. His mother runs the inn Narbondel's Shadow and his farther a shop for adventuring gear in the same building. 
- Rendil explains he was trailing Bloodreavers, but they caught him instead.
- Rendil knows where their hide-out is: in the Chamber of Eyes, within the _Bauthwaf_
- Rendil has arranged free lodging in Narbondel's Shadow for the groups kindness.
- The group has started infiltration into the Chamber of Eyes. The first goblins have already been dealt with.
- Goblins still speak french. They call themselves "Saccageur de Sang"
- Rendil speaks with a Texan accent.   

### What was good during this session

- Verschillende verhaallijnen. Mijn "geheime" opdracht. Goede manier van omschrijven, aanvallen van monsters. het casten van spells enz.

### What could have gone better

- rommelig begin, met het uitzoeken van items.  Ik had me ook iets beter kunnen voorbereiden, met het door lezen van de achtergrond.

### What are the players most curious about

- Hoe het verhaal verder gaat, tevens ontwikkeling van mijn verhaallijn.

### Anything else?

- Over het algemeel, prima. Erg vermakelijk
