---
layout: post
title: "🐲Session 18: ???"
categories: dungeons-and-dragons
tags: [5e, Campaign-Red Hand of Doom, Adventure log]
comments: true
date: 2017-03-??
---

Party members of this session: _Little Crow, Fairuza, Moras, Zaldar_

# _**Date** 1st of Summer, 66016_

- The PC’s went after fleeing enemy
- During a scuffle between the fleeing enemy and Zaldar, Zaldar saw he was fighting his sister Zara
- Zara explained that after Zaldar left ("Sent away!!"), his brother started acting weird and left.
- Zara decided to leave, learning more of artifice with the Gnomes
- She was recruited by Azarr Kull, we heard of her skill at artifice. Even though she suspected evil intentions, she joined
- She claims to have skipped an implant that would control her
- Controlling is done by using a small chip, implanted when compleating someone
- Compleation is done via small Compleation Robots that replace cells with mechanical versions.
- The Compleation Robots can only survive while residing within "Glistening Oil". Glistening Oil replaces blood in compleated limbs and organs
- The Compleation Robots continue compleating an individual, once injected with the Robots and Oil. While this may take a long while, the end result would be a fully compleated being
- While Seldra de Tylmarande worked under Azarr Kull to find alternative ways to Compleat a being (aside from using the Dragons Teeth), it was Zaras job to work on improving compleated beings
- Zara agreed to a procedure that
- Zara revealed that RK, brother of Zaldar and Zara has joined the Illithi
- The Illithi are a rival faction to the Thran. Where the Thran specialise in Tech, the Illithi specialise in Psionics (or Eco)
- Fairuza attempted to put Zara into hybernation. While learning more of the highly advanced Compleation process, Fairuza was not successful in putting Zara in hybernation. She did remove Zara's legs
- Fairuza discovered that the Compleation Process consists of three things: the Robots, the Glistening Oil and a third, currently unknown factor


# _**Date** 3rd of Summer, 66016_
- After 2 days of Travel Zara was left in custody with the SK dwarves
- Zara revealed Azarr Kull has a large, highly advanced ship. After finding that ship, he started his quest of Compleating everyone
- Azarr Kull has his base in Rhest
- The party left towards Rhest

# _**Date** 7th of Summer, 66016_
- After 4 days of travel, The group enters the UK swamps, the group was attacked by a Compleated Green Dragon
￼
