---
layout: post
title: "🐲Session 16: So, Compleated Dragons talk like Arnold Schwarzenegger?"
categories: dungeons-and-dragons
tags: [5e, Campaign-Red Hand of Doom, Adventure log]
comments: true
date: 2017-01-07
---

Party members of this session: _Little Crow, Fairuza, Morass, Zaldar_

# _**Date** 38th of Spring, 66016_

## I. Skull Gorge Bridge

* 1 Bridge. 4 Watchtowers. 1 Dragon, 1 Hobgoblin Captain, 7 Hobgoblins and 2 Hell Hounds.
* While invisible; Crow and Moras killed two hobgoblin guards , Fairuza sniped a third.
* Crow did an awesome spider-climb-jump on tower from one tower to the other, while Zaldar trick-shot his Fire Bolts towards the reinforcements behind Crow
* Zaldar enclosed the dragon in an ice sphere. Twice.
* Crow used Moras's force beads to kill two Hobgoblin s, 1 Hell Hound and jettison the Hobgoblin Captain into the ravine. “Aaaaaahhhh…”
* All the while, Fairuza was sniping away, covering everyones back.
* (Compleated) Dragons talk like Arnold Scharwarzenegger
* When only one creature remained, the dragon, Fairuza saw her chance. Hold breath, aim and … _\<shot through the eye\>_ _\<fall to the ground\>_ _\<fall into ravine\>_
* The camp was looted and many potions were found.

## J. Cinder Hill

* The group traveled to Cinder Hill.
* They saw the army the late Seldra de Tylmarande has built. It numbers into the thousands.
* They went back to Skull Gorge Bridge, awaiting a member of the army to interrogate.
* By using Silent Image (Morass) and Minor Illusion-Sound (Zaldar) to recreate the Dragon, to could (unharmingly) interrogate a Goblin Worg rider:
  * The army will march in approx. two days towards Drellin's Ferry
  * Other riders have been sent to "the Ghost Lord"
  * Goblins make a "pain au chocolat" pastry treat, made from humans ("Pain au Humain"?)
* A suitable time after the Goblin Worg Riders have left, the group destroyed the Skull Gorge Bridge.

# _**Date** 39th of Spring, 66016_

Day 4 of this adventure was spent traveling back towards Drellin's Ferry

# _**Date** 40th of Spring, 66016_

The adventure will continue on the morning of day 5, where the group just arrived at Drellin's Ferry.


# Evaluation

To be determined